you guys sadr and marquis i hope
that you're fine
today we find ourselves for a
new unlimited money video
after patch 1.22 I think she
also works after patch 1.20
but it really depends on whether the vehicle
spawn to where I'm going
show
but first of all do not forget guys
to leave a little blue thumb on the
video it's really important guys
it really helps me move on that makes me
great fun and to subscribe to my
Youtube channel
if that's not already done I'll do it
also extremely fun guys so
you have to go exactly here
on the map it's an impasse
normally you must definitely
know this is where there is
usually gang attacks
so be careful there is also
this little little parking there just in
below and so the vehicle is young
we go far for that purpose there at
background on the parking lot and spawn all the
time every time I passed I
see it then is this vehicle to whom
will bring you 15 for thirteen
thousand of the tree excuse me I'm abusing a
little bit but here are thirteen thousand
dollars the vehicle me I'm going
directly go sell it so that's it
as I told you there are mafia
who will go a little bit drunk but
clermont here they are not surpassing
but 101 clearly a ball and are
dead 1 so I decided to go
sell the vehicle directly but you
you can go to store it in a
garage and then you can go them
to sell
when you want it and hope that
the video you liked there is not the
bypass I think you understood it
but as soon as you wish to have a little
money
hop you go to sell them the little
vehicle that very warmly
stored in your garage and later
watch the video you liked guys
frankly like and the video that's me
would be extremely pleased shared one
maximum and comment the video for me
say a little bit about what you think
if you have questions and questions
problems do not hesitate it's in the
comments were not managed
will answer and then do not hesitate
his words youth on social networks
such as facebook and twitter lily a
snack description and it was andré marty
chao everyone
epitech suspense is named that pete is
a brave guy and then as I do
smith me fight knows beginnings
with M